README.md, before:

![logo](https://puu.sh/E6GuW/414e92c886.png)

[discord-invite]: https://discord.gg/0125SVBfnBFwl7XOP
[travis-link]: https://travis-ci.org/iSach/UltraCosmetics
[jenkins-link]: https://ci.isach.be/job/UltraCosmetics/lastSuccessfulBuild/
[wiki-link]: https://github.com/iSach/UltraCosmetics/wiki
[spigotmc-link]: https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/10905/

[![TravisCI Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/iSach/UltraCosmetics.svg?branch=master)][travis-link]
[![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/iSach/UltraCosmetics.svg)](https://github.com/iSach/UltraCosmetics/commits/master)
[![version](https://img.shields.io/github/release/iSach/UltraCosmetics.svg?colorB=1565C0)](https://github.com/iSach/UltraCosmetics/releases/latest)
[![beta](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json.svg?label=beta&colorB=1565C0&query=version&uri=https%3A%2F%2Fapi.isach.be%2Fultracosmetics%2Fversion%2F)][jenkins-link]
[![discord](https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/185055040036143104/widget.png)][discord-invite]
[![view on SpigotMC](https://img.shields.io/badge/view%20on-spigotmc-orange.svg)][spigotmc-link]
[![wiki](https://img.shields.io/badge/go%20to-wiki-blue.svg)][wiki-link]

## Welcome to the UltraCosmetics GitHub repository!
UltraCosmetics is a Spigot plugin compatible with Spigot versions 1.8 through 1.14.4, that adds cosmetics to your server's hub!

In order for everyone to have the best experience possible, we have a few guidelines that everyone must follow.    
- For all things on GitHub, please make sure you follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/iSach/UltraCosmetics/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).  
- When creating an issue, please make sure you're using the [issue template](https://github.com/iSach/UltraCosmetics/blob/master/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md).  
- When submitting a pull request, please make sure you're using the [pull request template](https://github.com/iSach/UltraCosmetics/blob/master/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md).
- When contributing, please make sure you check out the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/iSach/UltraCosmetics/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).  

*The UltraCosmetics source is provided as is at no monetary cost for personal use only. Any commercial distribution/use of the UltraCosmetics source is strictly prohibited.*

Commit message:

Release version; add COMPILING.md; update README

README.md, after:

![logo](https://puu.sh/E6GuW/414e92c886.png)

[discord-invite]: https://discord.gg/0125SVBfnBFwl7XOP
[travis-link]: https://travis-ci.org/iSach/UltraCosmetics
[jenkins-link]: https://ci.isach.be/job/UltraCosmetics/lastSuccessfulBuild/
[wiki-link]: https://github.com/iSach/UltraCosmetics/wiki
[spigotmc-link]: https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/10905/

[![TravisCI Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/iSach/UltraCosmetics.svg?branch=master)][travis-link]
[![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/iSach/UltraCosmetics.svg)](https://github.com/iSach/UltraCosmetics/commits/master)
[![version](https://img.shields.io/github/release/iSach/UltraCosmetics.svg?colorB=1565C0)](https://github.com/iSach/UltraCosmetics/releases/latest)
[![beta](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json.svg?label=beta&colorB=1565C0&query=version&uri=https%3A%2F%2Fapi.isach.be%2Fultracosmetics%2Fversion%2F)][jenkins-link]
[![discord](https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/185055040036143104/widget.png)][discord-invite]
[![view on SpigotMC](https://img.shields.io/badge/view%20on-spigotmc-orange.svg)][spigotmc-link]
[![wiki](https://img.shields.io/badge/go%20to-wiki-blue.svg)][wiki-link]

## Welcome to the UltraCosmetics GitHub repository!
UltraCosmetics is a Spigot plugin compatible with Spigot versions 1.8 through 1.18, that adds cosmetics to your server's hub!

In order for everyone to have the best experience possible, we have a few guidelines that everyone must follow.    
- For all things on GitHub, please make sure you follow the [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
- When creating an issue, please make sure you're using the [issue template](ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md).
- When submitting a pull request, please make sure you're using the [pull request template](PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md).
- When contributing, please make sure you check out the [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md).

If you're looking to compile the project yourself, please check out the [compiling documentation](COMPILING.md).

*The UltraCosmetics source is provided as is at no monetary cost for personal use only. Any commercial distribution/use of the UltraCosmetics source is strictly prohibited.*
